TODO.md, before:

## Bare Minimum Features
1. multiple leaderboards (semesterly, UTA vs UTD...). Each leaderboard has its own class/spreadsheet setup.
1. the spreadsheets are the final say -- the bot is only responsible for recording raw scores onto spreadsheets and does not apply okauma or aggregate data in any way.
1. each game mode may have sub-modes (tonpuu vs hanchan)
1. use Member ID as the unique identifier. It's either the student's EID or assigned by algorithm. Discord ID, Mahjong Soul ID, etc., are all optional. Manual input necessary for someone without a Discord ID. The mechanism for assignment can be different for each sheet.
1. only certain roles can register self with certain leaderboards (e.g., UTA vs UTD)
1. whenever a game starts in a lobby, post a message with @ in the bot channel
1. **whenever a game finishes in a lobby, record it on the respective spreadsheet** and post a message in the bot channel (@silent)


## Useful Features
1. limit commands to servers (e.g., UvU-specific, with guild=env.guild etc.)
1. look up own mjsID with discord ID (default from semesterly leaderboard, option to show mjsID in another leaderboard)
1. for tournament game, allow everyone to select their own seat...
1. manually enter score with mjsID (automatically accounts for placement based on starting East). (options: East/South, fourth player optional...?) Generate UUIDs for each game. Checks for input errors (repeat usernames, non-existing usernames, summation check -- need an optional "leftover riichi sticks" option).
1. automatically extend contest duration (`prolongContest`)

## Not as important Features
1. interface for everyone to manually enter their score together (a prompt for everyone to press a button for seat, and everyone entering their score simultaneously.). Generate UUIDs for each game.
1. associate mjsIDs with real names...
1. allow fixing scores by game UUID...
1. Pause/unpause?

## Developer TODO
1. handle exceptions like [the ones generated by `commands.is_owner()`](https://discordpy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/ext/commands/api.html#discord.discord.ext.commands.on_command_error). Maybe look into [this catch-all Cog](https://gist.github.com/EvieePy/7822af90858ef65012ea500bcecf1612)
1. add privilege to admin -- more than just *the* owner.
1. it seems only one contest can be managed at a time by one connection to Mahjong Soul, so we can't use the same instance of Contest Manager simultaneously (worst case we make an account for each contest).
1. similarly, maybe each contest (including the in-person games) requires its own instance of Google Sheets connection... if this isn't necessary, then we can make a Google Sheets **cog** and share it via the `self.bot.get_cog()` method.

## `pymjsoul` TODO
1. automate getting the Chinese WSS servers and add Chinese login functionality (`client.py`?)
1. automate getting the latest `.json` file.
1. major task: generate functions for `client.py` like what [ms-admin-plugin.py](https://github.com/MahjongRepository/mahjong_soul_api/blob/master/ms_tournament/ms-admin-plugin.py) does as a `protoc` plugin... My old protobuf update script for `mahjong_soul_api` is available [here](https://github.com/peter1357908/Ronhorn/blob/578bbe39ba90bd7ecde4d6997e1337e53eab1aa6/modules/mahjongsoul/protocol/update_proto_liqi_admin.sh)

## Other TODO/TOTHINK
1. Update Maki's server welcome message and the #rules-and-roles channel...
1. Fix `README.md` for `ms_api`:
    1. "requerements.txt"
    1. `sudo apt install protobuf-compiler` may not work; need to install the latest version manually from [their GitHub](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/releases)
    1. reconcile the directory inconsistency in the proto update between the regular version versus the admin version
    1. updating the `.proto` files do not require the `sudo cp` step -- in fact, just supply the update scripts...
1. the `restart` command doesn't load the latest `config.env` file?? And the `reload` command doesn't re-import the modules? So what's done exactly in those cases?
1. do we care about preventing two instances of bot running at the same time? Similar discussion [here](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/issues/1054)

## Massive Future Refactors
1. what if we just write everything in JS so we can use the `json` protocol files directly? Maybe we eventually learn to do this to build our club website?
1. store all data in e.g., MongoDB and display the data on own website?

Commit message:

Handled regular and slash command errors; refactored UvUManager and ContestManger; Working TableView component for UvUManager; Added a /help command; NEED FURTHER TESTING

TODO.md, after:

## Bare Minimum Features
1. multiple leaderboards (semesterly, UTA vs UTD...). Each leaderboard has its own class/spreadsheet setup.
1. the spreadsheets are the final say -- the bot is only responsible for recording raw scores onto spreadsheets and does not apply okauma or aggregate data in any way.
1. use Member ID as the unique identifier. It's either the student's EID or assigned by algorithm. Discord ID, Mahjong Soul ID, etc., are all optional. Manual input necessary for someone without a Discord ID.
1. **whenever a game finishes in a lobby, record it on the respective spreadsheet**

## Useful Features
1. manually enter score with auto-complete-able names (no need to remember/ask for EID; list EID by name for identification?) (automatically accounts for placement based on starting East). (options: East/South, fourth player optional...?) Use `discord.ui.TextInput` (i.e., slash command takes no input and the view handles an interactive score entering session? Maybe the `Modal` is better?)? Generate UUIDs for each game. Checks for input errors (repeat usernames, non-existing usernames, summation check -- need an optional "leftover riichi sticks" option).
1. automatically extend contest duration (`prolongContest`)

## Not as important Features
1. associate mjsIDs with real names...
1. allow fixing scores by game UUID...
1. allow starting games at arbitrary scores (via `createContestGame`)

## Developer TODO
1. handle exceptions like [the ones generated by `commands.is_owner()`](https://discordpy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/ext/commands/api.html#discord.discord.ext.commands.on_command_error). Maybe look into [this catch-all Cog](https://gist.github.com/EvieePy/7822af90858ef65012ea500bcecf1612)
1. add privilege to admin -- more than just *the* owner.
1. it seems only one contest can be managed at a time by one connection to Mahjong Soul, so we can't use the same instance of Contest Manager simultaneously (worst case we make an account for each contest).
1. similarly, maybe each contest (including the in-person games) requires its own instance of Google Sheets connection... if this isn't necessary, then we can make a Google Sheets **cog** and share it via the `self.bot.get_cog()` method.

## `mjsoul.py` TODO
1. automate getting the Chinese WSS servers and add Chinese login functionality (`client.py`?)
1. automate getting the latest `.json` file.
1. major task: generate functions for `client.py` like what [ms-admin-plugin.py](https://github.com/MahjongRepository/mahjong_soul_api/blob/master/ms_tournament/ms-admin-plugin.py) does as a `protoc` plugin... My old protobuf update script for `mahjong_soul_api` is available [here](https://github.com/peter1357908/Ronhorn/blob/578bbe39ba90bd7ecde4d6997e1337e53eab1aa6/modules/mahjongsoul/protocol/update_proto_liqi_admin.sh)

## Other TODO/TOTHINK
1. Update Maki's server welcome message and the #rules-and-roles channel...
1. Fix `README.md` for `ms_api`:
    1. "requerements.txt"
    1. `sudo apt install protobuf-compiler` may not work; need to install the latest version manually from [their GitHub](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/releases)
    1. reconcile the directory inconsistency in the proto update between the regular version versus the admin version
    1. updating the `.proto` files do not require the `sudo cp` step -- in fact, just supply the update scripts...
1. the `restart` command doesn't load the latest `config.env` file?? And the `reload` command doesn't re-import the modules? So what's done exactly in those cases?
1. do we care about preventing two instances of bot running at the same time? Similar discussion [here](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/issues/1054)

## Massive Future Refactors
1. what if we just write everything in JS so we can use the `json` protocol files directly? Maybe we eventually learn to do this to build our club website?
1. use a proper database (looking up/replacing values is troublesome...). Store all data in e.g., MongoDB and display the data on own website?
